mantids will eat anything that moves
including other mantids
[Music]
time to leave this tiny insect is now
open to attack from predators lurking in
the undergrowth whether an individual
mantis survives or not is partly a
matter of chance
whether it's spotted by a predator
[Music]
whether it turns right or left so far
it's luck is held
but this hungry jumping spider is still
in pursuit a mantis is born with
exceptional eyesight but the spiders is
even better although this young mantis
can't yet fly its long forelegs evolved
to catch prey give it reach
[Music]
there seems to be no escape
but this mantis has a surprising line in
self-defense tongue foo
praying mantis style
[Music]
of course it's all Bluff trying to look
bigger and confuse its enemy
[Music]
but it's got away with it
just staying alive for its first su
hours is a significant accomplishment
for a newly hatched insects but there's
still a long way to go with a bit of
luck in two months time it will be as
big and beautiful as this orchid Mantid
[Music]
or maybe not after all mantids are
cannibals
[Music]
you